IQM specific transpilation (#81)
iqm-finland/qiskit-on-iqm: docs/user_guide.rst

                                                                                              ║
           meas_2: ═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════════╩═

We also provide a IQM specific optimization pass exploiting the native IQM gate set which aims at reducing the number

> of one qubit gates. This optimization expects an already transpiled circuit. As an example lets apply it to the above circuit:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of one-qubit gates. This optimization expects an already transpiled circuit. As an example, lets apply it to the above circuit:
```

Reviewer 2: Can you also add reference to the transpiler pass class somewhere here, and explain that it is a normal pass and user can use when manually constructing transpilation strategies. The function is just wrapper over it.

    print(qc_optimized.draw(output='text'))

::

    global phase: 3π/2
             ┌─────────────┐   ┌─────────────┐                ░    ┌─┐   
        q_0: ┤ R(π/2,3π/2) ├─■─┤ R(π/2,5π/2) ├────────────────░────┤M├───
             ├─────────────┤ │ └─────────────┘┌─────────────┐ ░    └╥┘┌─┐
        q_1: ┤ R(π/2,3π/2) ├─┼────────■───────┤ R(π/2,5π/2) ├─░─────╫─┤M├
             ├─────────────┤ │        │       └─────────────┘ ░ ┌─┐ ║ └╥┘
        q_2: ┤ R(π/2,3π/2) ├─■────────■───────────────────────░─┤M├─╫──╫─
             └─────────────┘                                  ░ └╥┘ ║  ║ 
        q_3: ────────────────────────────────────────────────────╫──╫──╫─
                                                                 ║  ║  ║ 
        q_4: ────────────────────────────────────────────────────╫──╫──╫─
                                                                 ║  ║  ║ 
        c: 3/════════════════════════════════════════════════════╬══╬══╬═
                                                                 ║  ║  ║ 
     meas: 3/════════════════════════════════════════════════════╩══╩══╩═
                                                                 0  1  2 

> Under the hood :meth:`optimize_1_qb_gate_decomposition` uses :class:`IQMOptimize1QbDecomposition` which inherits from

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Under the hood :func:`optimize_1_qb_gate_decomposition` uses :class:`IQMOptimize1QbDecomposition` which inherits from
```

>     from iqm.qiskit_iqm.iqm_transpilation import optimize_1_qb_gate_decomposition
> 
>     qc_optimized = optimize_1_qb_gate_decomposition(qc_transpiled)
> 
>     print(qc_optimized.draw(output='text'))
> 
> ::
> 
>     global phase: 3π/2
>              ┌─────────────┐   ┌─────────────┐                ░    ┌─┐   
>         q_0: ┤ R(π/2,3π/2) ├─■─┤ R(π/2,5π/2) ├────────────────░────┤M├───
>              ├─────────────┤ │ └─────────────┘┌─────────────┐ ░    └╥┘┌─┐
>         q_1: ┤ R(π/2,3π/2) ├─┼────────■───────┤ R(π/2,5π/2) ├─░─────╫─┤M├
>              ├─────────────┤ │        │       └─────────────┘ ░ ┌─┐ ║ └╥┘
>         q_2: ┤ R(π/2,3π/2) ├─■────────■───────────────────────░─┤M├─╫──╫─
>              └─────────────┘                                  ░ └╥┘ ║  ║ 
>         q_3: ────────────────────────────────────────────────────╫──╫──╫─
>                                                                  ║  ║  ║ 
>         q_4: ────────────────────────────────────────────────────╫──╫──╫─
>                                                                  ║  ║  ║ 
>         c: 3/════════════════════════════════════════════════════╬══╬══╬═
>                                                                  ║  ║  ║ 
>      meas: 3/════════════════════════════════════════════════════╩══╩══╩═
>                                                                  0  1  2 
> 
> Under the hood :meth:`optimize_1_qb_gate_decomposition` uses :class:`IQMOptimize1QbDecomposition` which inherits from

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    from iqm.qiskit_iqm.iqm_transpilation import optimize_single_qubit_gates

    qc_optimized = optimize_single_qubit_gates(qc_transpiled)

    print(qc_optimized.draw(output='text'))

::

    global phase: 3π/2
             ┌─────────────┐   ┌─────────────┐                ░    ┌─┐   
        q_0: ┤ R(π/2,3π/2) ├─■─┤ R(π/2,5π/2) ├────────────────░────┤M├───
             ├─────────────┤ │ └─────────────┘┌─────────────┐ ░    └╥┘┌─┐
        q_1: ┤ R(π/2,3π/2) ├─┼────────■───────┤ R(π/2,5π/2) ├─░─────╫─┤M├
             ├─────────────┤ │        │       └─────────────┘ ░ ┌─┐ ║ └╥┘
        q_2: ┤ R(π/2,3π/2) ├─■────────■───────────────────────░─┤M├─╫──╫─
             └─────────────┘                                  ░ └╥┘ ║  ║ 
        q_3: ────────────────────────────────────────────────────╫──╫──╫─
                                                                 ║  ║  ║ 
        q_4: ────────────────────────────────────────────────────╫──╫──╫─
                                                                 ║  ║  ║ 
        c: 3/════════════════════════════════════════════════════╬══╬══╬═
                                                                 ║  ║  ║ 
     meas: 3/════════════════════════════════════════════════════╩══╩══╩═
                                                                 0  1  2 

Under the hood :meth:`optimize_single_qubit_gates` uses :class:`IQMOptimizeSingleQubitGates` which inherits from
```

> the Qiskit provided class :class:`TransformationPass` and can also be used by more advanced users that want to assemble

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the Qiskit provided class :class:`TransformationPass` and can also be used directly if you want to assemble
```
